With over 14,000 votes casted on our poll
two weeks ago, you guys have decided who the
top ten clone troopers are based on their
popularity.
At number 10, with 356 votes, is ARC Trooper
Fordo.
Making his first appearance in the 2003 clone
wars cartoon, he was one of the first clones
to gain the spotlight among fans.
Leading his men on Muunilinst behind enemy
lines and successfully destroying a massive
separatist cannon, rescuing the surviving
Jedi from General Grievous on Hypori, and
fighting in the frontlines in the battle of
Coruscant, Fordo was truly one of the most
talented clones we’ve ever seen on screen.
Basing on your guys’ comments, it seems
most of you voted for him simply because he
was the original, duel wielding clone BAMF.
And for S.C.S 11, he voted for him from just
one scene alone, which is where we see Fordo
fighting off an overwhelming force of droids
while keeping his cool and still commanding
his troops despite being under fire.
He really is one of the most talented clones
ever produced.
At ninth place, with 431 votes, is ARC Trooper
Echo.
Being apart of Domino Squad, we saw Echo’s
journey from his training on Kamino, to becoming
a shiney, and to finally being promoted to
a full fledged ARC trooper.
He was most distinguishable by his by the
book personality, and by Rex’s hand imprint
on his chest plate.
Reading your comments, many of you voted for
him due to him being a true soldier who sacrificed
himself in order to save the other clones
and Jedi who were with him on the Citadel.
For Adam, he picked Echo because he feels
he’s the most relatable to him, and hopes
to see him return back in star wars Rebels.
Which may actually be a possibility, as what
many people may not know, is that Echo actually
survived, and was taken by the Separatists
where he was used in experiments by the Techno
Union.
He was later rescued by the Bad Batch crew
along with Rex and Anakin in the unfinished
clone wars episodes, known as the Bad Batch
story arc.
After being brought back to a Republic base,
he then proceeded to lead a covert mission
to destroy Admiral Trench’s forces on Anaxes,
doing all this even in his weakened state
and with missing an arm, showing that he fought
no matter what disadvantages he faced.
Characteristics of a true soldier indeed.
At number 8, with 575 votes, is Clone Commando
Sev.
He was apart of Delta squad, serving as their
sniper.
He and his team fought in many battles, including
their mission on Geonosis where they assassinated
a high ranking Geonosian leader named Sun
Fac, and their mission on Kashyyyk where they
rescued the captured wookiee chief known as
Tarfful.
Though, during this mission on Kashyyyk, Sev
was left behind and was labeled missing in
action.
His abandonment was a huge emotional strain
on the rest of Delta squad.
Sev’s sniping skills must have impressed
everyone, as that was one of the only things
always mentioned in your guys’ comments
about him.
That, and also for his sarcastic personality
and ruthlessness.
At number 7, with 578 votes, is 99.
Probably one of the most unique clones ever
shown in star wars, 99 was severely deformed
from birth, and because of this, couldn’t
serve in the army and was instead left to
do menial tasks.
Despite his physical setback, he still had
the heart of a soldier, going beyond the call
of duty, for even a normal soldier, and sacrificing
himself to save his comrades during the battle
of Kamino.
Such a heroic sacrifice seemed to resonate
among many of you, with most of you stating
that you voted for him due to his heroic death
and because he proved that anything can be
done as long as you put your mind and soul
into it.
And for Noah, 99’s courage and will to fight
despite his disadvantage made him one of the
characters he had the most sympathy for, who
was extremely saddened to see him get killed
on screen.
At sixth place, with 628 votes, is Clone Commander
Wolffe.
He served under Jedi Master Plo Koon, and
was the leader of the wolfpack squad.
Despite losing his eye in a fight against
Asajj Ventress, Wolffe still continued his
service in the army, obtaining an awesome
scar and cybernetic eye after his injury.
He was one of the very few clones to remove
their inhibitor chip, and he later joined
up with Rex and Gregor, where he lived within
a modified AT TE walker on Seelos.
Wolffe is probably the only clone on this
list that got most of his votes from his looks
alone, as almost every comment we read that
voted for him talked about how cool he looked
with his scar and how they love his armor
and helmet design.
And we don’t blame you, his phase 2 armor
is probably the coolest looking clone armor
there is.
At number 5, with 690 votes, is Clone Commando
Gregor.
Being one of the few to survive the brutal
battle of Sarrish, Gregor suffered amnesia
as a result, and worked as a dishwasher on
the Outer Rim world Abafar.
He eventually regained his memory with the
help of D-Squad, before sacrificing himself
to save D-squad from an army of battle droids.
But just like with Echo, Gregor survived the
explosion.
But instead of suffering physical damage,
it seems Gregor suffered some mental damage
from the explosion, making him a bit crazy.
Just like with Wolffe, Gregor eventually removed
his inhibitor chip and went on to live on
Seelos with Rex and Wolffe.
In fourth place, with 727 votes, is Clone
Commander Cody.
He served under Jedi General Obi Wan Kenobi,
and commanded the 212th battalion in many
battles during the clone wars.
He became well known as a very skilled strategist
during the war, and even became good friends
with Captain Rex.
Unlike rex, who disobeyed order 66, Cody actually
obeyed it and ordered the execution of Obi
Wan Kenobi.
Later, when the Empire was created, Cody remained
as a commander before later adopting the new
position as an instructor on Kamino for regular
Human recruits.
To whom he became disgruntled towards, viewing
regular human stormtroopers to be far inferior
to clones.
Oddly enough, many of the people who voted
for Cody gave very different reasons as to
why they did.
People voted for him for various of reasons,
including because they simply liked his name,
because he had a hologram of Palpatine in
his hand, and because they had an action figure
of him when they were little.
Its interesting how Cody had the most unique
and differentiated reasons for his votes,
while every other clone on this list had a
common reason as to why people voted for them.
At number 3, with 826 votes, is Clone Commando
Boss.
He was the leader of Delta Squad, the same
squad that Sev served.
He, along with his team, made a brief appearance
in The Clone Wars tv show, where they retrieved
the dead bodies of the Jedi killed by Savage
Opress, and informed the Jedi that there were
no other survivors.
As we mentioned with Sev, Delta Squad that
Boss was apart of participated in many missions
and battles during the clone wars.
After the formation of the Empire, Boss served
as an Imperial Commando, where he was tasked
in hunting down surviving Jedi and clone deserters.
Many of you voted for him due to his leadership
skills and for simply being a boss.
Also Ybok voted for him because he rarely
talked, which is an interesting reason to
vote for someone.
At number 2, with 1,687 votes, is ARC trooper
Fives.
Just like with Echo, we saw Five’s journey
as a clone from his initial training days,
to becoming a shiney stationed on the Rishi
Moon, and finally becoming an ARC trooper.
He fought in many battles side by side with
Captain rex, including in the Battle of Umbara
and in the Battle of Ringo Vinda.
During the battle of Umbara, Fives was prominent
in voicing against Pong Krell’s reckless
tactics, showing that despite being a clone,
he wasn’t a mindless soldier who only followed
orders.
This independance in him later came up again
when he discovered the true purpose of the
inhibitor chips, to which he tried to tell
the Jedi but was killed shortly before he
got the chance to do so.
Him discovering the true purpose of the inhibitor
chips and his effort in exposing the truth
seemed to be one of the main reasons you guys
voted for him.
On top of that, you guys also liked him due
to seeing his entire journey as a clone and
for him standing up to Pong Krell.
And before we reveal the obvious first place
winner, we do have some honorable mentions.
First is Kix, gaining the most votes in the
“other” option.
Then we have clone commander Thorn, who almost
got on the list in tenth place, but was only
short of 8 votes.
And finally, probably our favorite option
in the other list, is “that one guy who
died after punching a droid”.
If you don’t know who they’re talking
about, it was this guy.
We’re actually impressed how literally 10
people wrote, word for word, that exact same
phrase.
And also this guy who gave an even more detailed
explanation on this clone.
Alright, so now at number 1, with 3,480 votes,
is Captain Rex.
Although this is probably unsurprising to
most people watching, we were surprised to
see at how large of a percentage of the vote
he gained, getting over 25% of the vote.
Captain Rex served under Anakin Skywalker,
and lead the 501st Legion during the Clone
Wars.
Having the most screen time of any clone,
he appeared in over 60 episodes of the clone
wars, and in over 15 episodes of star wars
rebels, quickly becoming a favorite among
many fans.
Being one of the few clones to disobey order
66, he helped Ahsoka Tano escape from the
gunsights of other clones, before faking their
own deaths and later splitting up to go on
their own separate paths.
Rex eventually met up with Wolffe and Gregor
and lived on Seelos, before joining the Ghost
Crew and helping them fight the empire.
He also reunited with Ahsoka after so many
years.
Although it isn’t currently confirmed, it’s
rumored that Lucasfilms will at some point
retcon Rex into being the rebel soldier on
Endor with the long white beard, bringing
him, in a way, into the live action movies.
Based off of your guys comments, many of you
voted for Rex mainly because he disobeyed
Order 66 and was the clone many of you guys
grew up with.
Also Zachary probably gave the best reason
for his vote for Rex.
So that’s it, a top ten list based completely
off of your guys’ votes and comments.
Let us know if you enjoyed this video and
wish to see more like it, with other subjects
and categories concerning star wars.
Maybe a top ten Jedi list, or top ten star
wars planets list, and so on.
Feel free to comment below what you want to
see in the future, and upvote the comments
that you agree with.
Also let us know what you want us to change
in our format for these videos, and if there’s
anything we should add or remove.
All feedback will be greatly appreciated.